https://www.zepl.com/O29KECBZT/notebooks/1338bf64ed534548b0ddc52e04624688
connect url:https://ec2-3-134-98-189.us-east-2.compute.amazonaws.com:7473



Subject: Re: connect?
From: 	Nathan Blazek <nathan.blazek@databricks.com>
To: 	Thomas Pries <thomaspries@aol.com>
Date: 	Tue, Apr 14, 2020 3:17 pm
Hi Thomas,

To be respectful of your time, I'd love to get some context around what you're most interested in in order to provide you with the most relevant information.

Below are a couple of questions that I have:
 
1. What is your familiarity with Spark, as well as Databricks? (Currently use Spark and Databricks, currently use Spark, but not Databricks)
2. If yes to above, what are you using Spark and/or Databricks for?
3. Is there a certain use case that you'd hope to see presented at Spark Summit that you're currently working on?
4. Is your data currently in the cloud?

Thanks for your clarification, and looking forward to connecting!
--
Request a meeting with me

Nathan Blazek

402.309.4650

Databricks, Inc

http://databricks.com

Nathan:

Thank you for moving this forward.  

My data science is backed by this Quora question:

What are the scientific implications of the polonomic representation of integers?
Answer:  Maybe representations exist where the "carry the one" isn't necessary.
         Maybe interesting root sets exist. 

    Enter my exit paper for Math Degree at Stony Brook University.  
Detailed in java as a data producing jar.  Presented as as a Neo4j
Graph DB use case at September's GraphHack2019.  Late '19 my AWS Web
Service exists with a Zepl.com note book front end.  The work presented
is what was submitted to GraphHack2019. It does use Spark functionality
at a cursery level.  Currently, mid 2020 and robust cypher scripts consume
rows of .jar data beyond my laptop's 8 gig capablilities.
    So, the model now exists and am ready to build a larger graph and experiment.
Among other things, look at arithmetic permutation groups.  My understanding 
is that there is overlap in capablilities of transforms, actions needed between
Cypher and Spark.  Otherwise spark's cluster compute is an attractive build
proposition as there are volumes of data to concider.
    I am not familiar with Databricks beyond the downloaded e-book from DataBricks.  
It was good reading and did expose the formentiond overlap.  I would like to 
know about the value of Databricks over Spark included with Zeppelin.  I have
seen Spark Summit on the web.  Though not familiar maybe a point is should I
concider participating?
    This week I am migrating the last several month's work to AWS.  I would like 
talking with you and take some notes on feedback, possibly also a look over of
my Zepl.com work for more pointed ideas.

Kindly,

Thomas Pries
347-968-7034

        

































