

Thank you. 

  I do have some questions concerning the ML library outlined below.  The project I am working on is as follows:

   The origonal effort was writing quadratics and quartets evaluating expectedly to integers.
Addition of these polynomials then argumented with appropriate free variable did prove
arithmetic.   https://globalgraphhack.devpost.com/project-gallery

  The effort did evolve into defining higher degree polynomial analogues with arithmetic
considered soley with respect to the constant term and radix (Zeppelin notebook).  In this regard Ne4j is a
repository of the bits necessary for defining p's.  Cypher scripts and java jars are tasked with generating data for the
graph. Scala Spark Zeppelin notebook analysis proves these p's have one critical point, no roots and various convergence.   

   Multiplication of these p's in terms of two free variables introduces various surfaces.  As the two variable
polynomial is composed of p's each with one critical point.  A single two dimensional point locates the surface
minimum.  Here, Spark Scala notebook matches p's from graph into Dataframes for multiplication and subsequent applications
of Gradient Descent, Newton's Method, and Curve Length integrals.  The goal is to define a surface with a minimum at any
arbitrary rational 2 dimensional point.     

   In the above, Neo4j is something of a traditional database albeit leveraging Cypher.  However generalizing to surfaces
with different numbers and locations of arbitrary minimums requires different sets of polynomials.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H4dBkofVA4A is my description of an algorithm capable of generating graphed sets of polynomials
with arbitrary numbers of roots and critical points.   These graphed sets, aside from above mentioned analysis,  are the
subject of both correlation with prior mentioned p's and Neo4j Ml algorithms.  

   Before using the graphed polynomial sets to further multivariable analysis, and to familiarize with Neo4j ML library, The graphed p's
are subject to both label prediction and link prediction on properties of the polynomials represented as node fields.  The label
prediction activity questions which nodes (polynomials) are determined (have the same number of roots as the degree of the polynomial).
The link prediction activity interprets the root set as an arbitrary number encoding a rational (link to quora) and attempts to provide
links connecting nodes with the same denominator.

  GraphicLablePredicion and GraphicLinkPredicition are Zeppelin notebooks defining these ML pipelines.  Somewhat mysteriously both applications provide
accurate preditions.  The label (determeind) prediction uses node propertes (level on graph, number of roots) as featureProperties and not a
fastRP/GraphSage embedding in gds.alpha.ml.NodeClassification.train. On a smallish graph (Biggest graph is 18 million node) the predictions are
well promising.  However the link prediciton (common denominator) is brittle.  GraphSage embeddings are experimented with and good predictions
occur only at certain test/train thresholds.  As both these activities are somewhat toyish, and not the reason the polynomial graph was generated,
am concerned first with competency and best practices with the library.  

Questions:
  Assessing hyperparameter/embeddings efficies require iterations of the pipeline.  How are results quantified compared ?   
  The link prediction returns accurate predictions and the links are updated into the graph.
  How does the GraphSage embedding get updated?  Is the whole pipeline rerun?
  The latter graph is unbounded.  How are local embeddings defined and appended to the whole graph embedding as needed (literature or otherwise)?

Links:

Neo4j Auora Database with small Difference Graph:
 
URI:  neo4j+s://062f8726.databases.neo4j.io
Name: neo4j
Password: DSxvueIHvtSBuxd7LHhguLWeAlYCORjnX7sPz6UbUjg
       
Video of Differences Algorithm

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H4dBkofVA4A

Encoding integers as rational numbers:

https://www.quora.com/How-are-rational-numbers-constructed-from-the-axioms-of-set-theory?q=how%20are%20the%20rationals%20constructed%20from%20the%20axioms%20of%20set

Github of two Zeppelin ML Notbooks and Differences neo4j.dump

https://github.com/Aibeceles/GraphMLDifferences

Main project Github:

https://github.com/Aibeceles/GraphicZero


