https://math.stackexchange.com/questions/3072756/how-to-prove-the-arc-length-of-smooth-curve-converges-to-the-straight-length


https://ai.stackexchange.com/questions/33885/is-there-a-fundamental-difference-between-an-environment-being-stochastic-and-be

I'm confused about this because what appears random can be described by hidden variables. To illustrate, take an autonomous car 
(Russel & Norvig describe taxi driving as stochastic). I can say the environment is stochastic because I don't know what the other
drivers will do. Alternatively, I can say that the actions of the drivers are determined by their mental state which I cannot observe.

A stochastic environment can be modeled as a Markov Decision Process (MDP) or Partially Observable MDP (POMDP). So, an environment 
can be

    stochastic and partially observable
    stochastic and fully observable


The partial observability refers to the fact that we don't know in which state the agent is, so we can think of having or maintaining
a probability distribution over states, like b(s).



I think there is cross-over between stochastic and partially observable where state knowledge is partial but revealed without any
impact/bias within the system. A good example to use is the difference between card games Blackjack (effectively stochastic, and no
need to model as POMDP, even though you cannot see the dealer's hand or the non-revealed cards) and Poker (where hidden state of
opponent's hands radically impacts results of actions non-randomly) – 
Neil Slater
2 days ago 


What is revealed is the lack of a clearly defined role for Buran — it was apparently designed solely in response to the American
Shuttle, whose military potential was a source of major concern to the Soviets. Unsure of just what that military potential was,
the Soviets attempted to match the entire performance envelope!


https://hackaday.io/project/183146-turing-ring

You can see in the second video below that he’s made good progress and there are apparently more videos to come.





































Dennis Soemers

Guy Lodge

like being woken abruptly from a still-escalating dream






