he position and your background, specifically with the skills needed for the job (Neo4j, LPF/RDF, Gremlin/Cypher/SparQL,
AWS, and complex queries).

Two years at Neo4j 4.1   --   Robust platform.


5 background stories that you can use for a STAR Method Explanation (this is how you should answer all the questions):

                (S) Situation          [Describe an example/experience. Be Specific!]

                (T) Technique       [What approach did you use to address the situation?]

                (A) Action              [What steps did you take?]

                (R) Result               [What was outcome whether positive or negative? Know WHAT and WHY the result came about.]  


carfinance startup 
documentary draft instrument -  is presented for payment Documentary draft means a draft to be presented for acceptance or payment if specified documents, certificated secu- rities or instructions for uncertificated securities, or other certifi- cates, statements or the like are
 to be received by the drawee or other payer before acceptance or payment of the draft.


Sucessful small parcel analysis 
small parcel same tariff two seperate incentive scheduals
two providers dilute incentive - cut expense
was a multi-month project

actors myself director of transport his boss (a boston Consuting transplant)the two vendor reps
the data was years of billing (high volume/low volume)  the tariff the contracts.  - 
across incentive tiers not clear which contract best at arbitrary volumns
state of usage defined - diluted savings using two vendors. 
went through 4/5 ask/bid requests for each best incentive tier.    
result was two contracts clear arcross all incentive tiers which one best.

120 operating lease power units.
54 finance lease power units.
outside full truckload vendors 

which fleed costs more?
do we need this many units?
can outside truckload vendors be trusted.
Hypothesis testing cost per mile operating fleet  > cost per mile finance lease fleet.  - result likely one fleet more expensive.
so ineffiencey. 
Found often enough not truckload volumes on private fleet.  
privat fleet truckload volumes concidered (just in time/ actual truckload weights),  back haul proposition vs jit for next run.
result 
mixed bag of backhaul/pruned fleet/ vendor guarantees.  


have to explain varance from budjet  
volums shipped go down.  expense exceeds budget. 
downturn in economy shifs volumes from truckload to ltl (greybar)  ltl to small parcel maybe home depot...
ect ect build the the dashboard  cost per pound of all stripes mixed and matches.
Boss a business MBA has factual informaton to present to executive comittee.

Why neo4j 


used car price collase preceeded housing collapse
from msAccess at carfinance/BOA user of inventory management
to leviton msAccess of ERP shiping data for excel pricing...   regional carriers /  long haul carriers  /  private fleet.

to my project effort starting with mysql and quickly to neo4j
with cypher also the introduction to spark scala because of Apache Zeppelin.     

cypher scrips and the cluster  -  spark very performance sensitive eg sorting a union...  cypher script correctness..
sub queries and with clauses.  not used in my scripts... probably needed...
 

Informed of 5 person team  and are integrating the technologies from descirption.... either cypher or aws neptune???




mastery of the subject matter.

Cypher

Subject Matter Expert

Focused experience - deep well of knowledge.
Continual improvement for mastery. hone skills, understande more, gain more knowledge, continue develop.
can get knowledge about any topic by research.  Experiential knowledge by doing the work.


Valid understandable experiences/work in area.  - the more specialized it is.
output that demonstrates your experience  - product,patent, book, course, blog, prototype,company...
clear presentation of expertise: blog website social media...

a scientist is an expert at understanding and producting information.

If a person can answer more than about 70% questions on a subject correctly at any time, the person may be qualified
 to be called an expert in that subject.


    Distill the information germane to the subject. ...
    Compare and contrast the information on each of the 10 core concepts/ideas.
    Interpret the 10 core concepts/ideas.
    Concentrate on understanding the core concepts/ideas.


need to swap out microsoft referenced java vm for :dump command.


review:

subqueries    -  existential sub queries in a where clause
                 result returning subqueries using the call {} syntax

keywords 

exists,EXISTS


above is filtering subqueries....

there are also union subqueries.

WITH apoc.coll.toSet(popularPeople + peopleWhoLikeJava) AS people

// Unpack the collection of people and order by birthdate
UNWIND people AS p


https://neo4j.com/docs/cypher-manual/current/clauses/call-subquery/

Subqueries allow you to compose queries, which is especially useful when working with UNION or aggregations.




james fowler connected.

graph data science 2.0   major release.

new:

gds.alpha.userLog()    

unified ml pipeline...     automatically apply the best performing pipeline...


big deal: native python client

k nearest neighbors
node similarity
similarty functions

are performant....


cosine similiarity is here.

run gds on a cluster... hybred deployments...
graph gackup and restore..  gds works on in memory projections....
did work mutating graph ect... graph backup and restore...

ecosystem integration   spark kafka bi connectors...


easy way to deploy   AuraDS  graph data science as a service  

vertexAI  work with services like neo
seems like datarobot...
docker product....

White listing can be used to allow loading only a few extensions from a larger library.

so, importantly working with gds 1.6.1 and 2.0 available. 

memory rodeo.





live webinar again this last tuesday.  
unified ml pipeline
graph data science 2.0   major release.





cypher:


clauses




node lable, one key, aggrigates properties with relation joinery.  
rows lists and maps


traditional rdbms...    nodes with same lable are on same "table"  query without relation a cartesian product and is discuraged....
                        left mysql not happy with key,foreign key for relating scalar and a variable...  very encombering.
                        though not traversing,  Is a tripple...
                        Suppose because only one key on a node, the query involves multiple tripples.  
                        corolating property fields,  formating property fields,
                        and subsequent organizing the resulting structure of properties.... the likes of which also spark....
  

traversal-centric...   the p graph, an algebraic, somewhat out there.. does take advantage of the traversal. 
                       interpret roots as integers and in-order traverse. find root=1, root=2 is iterate over the pattern.   
                       made for apoc algorithms....


live webinar again this last tuesday.  
unified ml pipeline
graph data science 2.0   major release.

and about the build.


newest release (again):



CYPHER runtime=interpreted, slotted....


Query tuning

https://neo4j.com/docs/cypher-manual/4.4/query-tuning/

use parameters instead of literals when possible.
This allows Cypher to re-use your queries instead of having to parse and build new execution plans.

so jdbc queries are parameter queries???

Optimizing complex queries   as use of explain for key analysis,  spark corrolary is will the script work on a cluster...
                             sorting uninons, collecting for list traversals...


strings and json processing....   
array to string string to array....


Transaction Database?   Fabric one graph acid compliance.
Analytics Database?




https://neo4j.com/docs/cypher-manual/4.4/indexes-for-search-performance/#administration-indexes-single-vs-composite-index


suppose graphicScripts may take advantage of subqueries instead of verbose with statements  or maybe an efficiency of slotted vs interepreted....

the rev by rev "cypher" keyword and arguments assigned.......


spark says write this way for cluster performance othriwse say union in order and bonkerrs.

cypher and cluster -  visible or not optimization.

community driven

audited software usage recently...
stack overflow fabric kafka integration.



property keys btree, string

apoc csv....




A Fabric setup includes a Fabric virtual database, 

fabric one dbms multiple graphs

Fabric must be set on a standalone Neo4j DBMS: the settings in neo4j.conf are identified by the fabric namespace.


https://stackoverflow.com/questions/67493235/neo4j-streams-fabric-integration-not-working-log-reports-the-use-graph-clau/67499377#67499377

Neo4j streams, fabric integration not working. Log reports "The `USE GRAPH` clause is not available in this
implementation of Cypher"

    Data Federation: the ability to access data available in distributed sources in the form of disjointed graphs.

    Data Sharding: the ability to access data available in distributed sources in the form of a common graph partitioned on multiple databases.



3-4 specific POINTS you want to get across


.dataspace technology space still evolving.  -  kafka connecter evolved... neo4j streams is deprecated but in use 
                                                fabric is new with stackoverflow questions neo4j gds 2.0 just releaced...
                                                fabric is project refactor... cypher  deprecats methods key signatures...
                                                new key types (string) 

.fractions of time searching for if exists first  dont re-invent the wheel
. i use enterprise edition and get No4j emails how is everything?  you need to talk privatly to an expert?

.my development method is adapatable..  use zeppelin to archive scripts neo4j to develop scripts.  IDE for jars. personal activity log.

.worked of both specifically traversable graph (link and lable prediction) and "Tripple graph" (data store)
 

3-4 specific PROJECT questions you want answered

. as mentioned analytics system not/and transaction system. 

. fidelity is big with plenty of daily flow...  and this systems expected data footprint???

.knowlede of neo4j and aws ?? neptuen ??

.The project is wrapped in maven??  -  use of mavin for instance neo4j interperter confilicts with jackson databind. 
                                      kafka- jackson with jar jackson
                                      scala play for plotly javascrpt compatablility. 
. project role -  remaining withing domain (cypher/neo4j)?
                other departments/vendors involved.   - did interact regulary with vendors at meetings with proposal requests
                                                        data requests..  

the neo4j is where?


3-4 specific COMPANY questions you want answered

Not a bank though.... and didn't partner with one like chase/merill lynch.  Is it expected to??  A to big to fail entity??
Why Fidelity:  The advantage clear choice.
               rated:  Best online broker, most trusted wealth    -- did take the g-5 irs civil service and advanced to next round.

Familiar with Fidelity Brand with favorable thoughts when presented with choice for personal finance decision..

beltran villalobos         jonathan 
Kandala, Kiran
Golubovic, Mladen 


bit bucket 
jira 
jenkens


5/1

number of write connections is ???  supponse small number.
number of read connections is....    and what kind of server is the aws instance????




5/3

Have interest in AWS Enterprise Neo4j image.

Percieve the graph is for a microservices project with neo4j a 
recomendation engine.  Information is sourced from other databases (not computer generated)

SageMaker is the analytics engine
Python is the analytics language

Question:  all results out or there are volumes of read current predictions 
           therfore a casual cluster.  The client is - neo4j drivers...


Looking for the data engineer.

Administer graph database with read cluster.
Develope the property graph model and 
write the cypher implementation.

Neo instance exists ???



Backround is with a java application with java driver to neo4j instance 
Scala Spark consumes the model.
Graph Data Science  consumes the model.



    The Neo4j image suggests ec2 instance type as a ...  with memory blocks ... 
    Managing a Neo4j database   ---  script repository is a Apache Zeppelin notebook.

    directory privledges 

    .conf everything from whitelisting jar methods, setting default directores, memory. port mapping
     .. ssl...log size... cluster config...users rolls...jvm parameters...
     

    [sudo] systemctl start neo4j

    [sudo] systemctl stop neo4j

    [sudo] systemctl restart neo4j

    systemctl status neo4j
 
    :use system and can create seperate graphs, drop graphs 
    shpw databases

    Managing plugins used with the Neo4j database

    mostly move the plugin into appropriate directory.   


    Managing logging


    journalctl -u neo4j to view the entire neo4j log file.

    journalctl -e -u neo4j to view the end of the neo4j log file.

    journalctl -u neo4j -b > neo4j.log where you can view neo4j.log in an editor.


    Monitoring queries   -    spark like, notebook like, a query note page


    Backing up and restoring databases
 
    shell - scripts
    believe s3 

    Managing Causal Clusters

    Managing database security

    Importing data      -  The Laurs ETL from database 


The cypher-shell, a terminal window,  vs browser, vs jdbc for managing database
don't really use cypher-shell, have to manage jvm version for both apachee zeppelin notebook and
spark scala version and 
neo4j.  lower common version does not facilitate most recent version needed
for cypher shell. 
Can interact with cypher shell for utility scripts  -  backups....
 

graph academy cierificate of completion basic deo4j 4.x administratoin.


query planner does help with identifying apropriate keys.















Suppose that part of the import command that you issue to neo4j-admin looks like this:

--nodes products_header.csv,products.csv

For this part of the import, where does the import process get information about the node labels?





 Run the backup process as a background process.

...Run the backup process on a separate system where Neo4j Enterprise Edition has been installed.

Stop each database before performing the backup.

Check the consistency of the backup.

































wakey things to do like extrapolate from last years data.




