Hey Thomas Pries,

Hope you're doing well! I was looking to discuss a Remote Graph Database Engineer
 opening with Fidelity Investments I thought you would be a good fit for based on your experience with Neo4j.
 It is a long term contract position looking to pay $80/hour on W2.

Do you have some time to discuss the role further?

Best regards,
Tyler

JOB DETAILS

Job Title: Remote Graph Database Engineer
Company: Piper Companies

Ideal candidate:
Someone with the technology and experience in the Graph space, preferably Neo4j, and good analytical and data skills.
 Someone who understands and can apply analytical skills to data. Solid understanding of graph data modelingSomeone with
 the technology and experience in the Graph space, preferably Neo4j, and good analytical and data skills. Someone who understands 
and can apply analytical skills to data. Solid understanding of graph data modeling

Must have skills:
Graph data modeling (Experience with graph data models (LPG, RDF) and graph languages 
(Cypher, Gremlin, SparQL), exposure to various graph
 data modeling techniques)
Optimizing complex queries
AWS

rdf 

publishing
consume public rdf data
seo
data integraton
reasoning

rdf  resource description framework    w3c standard data exchange model
a graph model 

rdf key tech for developing the semantic web.


persisted rdf:  Triple stores
quad stores
rdf stores
semantic graph databases


verticies resources:  uris
attributes values: literal values
edges
relationships: uri's
nodes or edges have no internal structure.

both purly labels


lpg - labled property graph 
effieint graph native storage
fast query and traversal
humane model:  close to the way we concieve the world.

nodes - vertecies
edges - relationships id+type, key value pairs.

rdf turtle syntax

rdf vs lpg:
rdf does not uniquely identify instances of relationships of the same type:
no two connections of same type between a pair of nodes (dan cannot like ann three times. just once).

new word:
reification  

RDF - sparql    longer pattern because of atomic nature.
RDF stores very strongly index based. "forget path querries"

neo4j implments index free adjacency.  best for deep or variable lenght traversals
    and path queries.

rdf - additive, slow changing if not immutable datasets

neo4j highly dynamic datasets and transactional.  
      data integrity is key.


a semantic Graph DB:

A graph DB+
an explicit decription of the semantics of your data (ontology)
+
a "reasoning" engine.

neo4j publish as RDF...   an apoc method???

Questions::
"
Do I need a semantic data platform or just a graph?
I store my data in RDF and query it with sparql.  you telling mi i am 
not semantic?
- youve got a graph.

publishing rdf out of neo4j is trivial.  same with importing rdf.
grab it it at github.com/jbarrasa.

inference does not require owl or even rdf....

note: owl web ontology language w3c.




919 210 6497  










The Straits Schist (Goshen Formation of Massachusetts) (Devonian or Silurian or both) at surface, covers 2 % of this area
Silvery to gray, non-rusty, coarse- to very coarse grained, generally poorly layered schist, composed of quartz, muscovite,
 biotite, oligoclase, garnet, and commonly with staurolite and kyanite or sillimanite; graphitic almost throughout.
 Distinctive sequence of metamorphic strata overlying the Collinsville Formation in the Bristol quad.,
 is here correlated with the Straits Schist of Fritts (1963) in the Southington quad. Consists mainly of rusty-weathering,
 medium- to coarse-grained, commonly crenulated, garnet-bearing, graphitic, muscovite-rich, plagioclase-quartz schist with
 graded bedding. Unit is called The Straits Schist following the original usage of Rodgers and others (1959). In the southern
 part of the Bristol quad., unit includes the Southington Mountain Member (here reduced in rank) in its upper part. Age of The
 Straits is inferred to be Silurian or Devonian. Unit is tentatively correlated with the Goshen Formation based on lithologic 
similarities and a possible unconformity at the base (Simpson, 1990


919
984










