Zepl is in NYC...


linkein invite -  This project is the most significant towards my profile wichh got courupted with aol contacts, lurking foreigners...  I've been sort of using Facebook for contacts..

It includes  Stony Brook math school                                                                                               contracts,  optimization ,      shipping errors,budget errors, 
 BOA -  accounting unit work,  Leviton, Big electrical mfg the lightswitch company... Much management Accounting -  lots of actual/pro forma data analysis solvers,anova done in excel.  therefore datascience.  abstract science all good
 way back at Carfinance.com bought by E-Loan...   


Thanks for the follow-up
Zepl is real good media.            Free trial and Support was a success.   
A workbook, "DimesionalArithmetic" -  a math study mostly Rings and eventually Fields ,  primarly of cypher scripts.
Connected to neo4j database hosted on Amazon Web Services EC2 Virtual Private Cloud   --  I would like to konw more about -   https://www.zepl.com/product/      Cloud Native: Run Zepl in your AWS VPC environment.


Motivations:
100 java class written for math science application is in three parts.
First part submitted as                                                   second part n-q map third part inverses of the polynomials as roots vis n-q map.
Neo4j graph hack project listed on DevPost --  Interested parties exist   https://globalgraphhack.devpost.com/submissions
                           youtube project introduction video--
                           github - code base is on github...

The zeppelin enviroment     --   like the frame export  --   libraries avaiable  -  helieum  
The graph scripts 
paragraph python in the neo4j interpreter
paragraph cypher script querry into a data frame for subsequent scala frame to html (the view).  
pargraph cypher graph extension script.

The functioning viewable is about 80 hours away... Mostly developed on a local Zeppelin instance. 

It is also a use case for  learning %spark
as machine looking for a certain algebra.




The Zepl Team <freetrial@zepl.com> Unsubscribe
Thu, Nov 14, 12:45 PM

Zepl.com
Owner  Thomas Pries
Space Permissions   set up permissions

The published workbook -  what functionality exists?
Collaborators - number of collaborators            -    Docker schedualed a cost for a number of Collaborators. 

Spent the 10 days refactoring graph.  A functioning viewable is about 80 hours away... 

The compute hour charge.  -  viewing published or the workbook itselff operations?
The published workbook -  what functionality exists?  Form buttens...
Collaborators - number of collaborators 

Otherwise an AWS Zeppelin.                                  
Or a Docker Zeppelin   -  The critticizim.
Or my owne say glassfish...

Resource 2gb credit per hour 2
         4                    4
        ...                  ...

What is in the Memory resource??  Dataframes??  and ...     


                                                                     What would pay as I go likely cost??..  published/unpublished???


OR i.N='6'
i.N='$zinput'


Aftermath

Links:
The zepl notebook
The youtube video
The devpost site.

Video Phone Thursday


AWS
https://docs.zepl.com/guide/zeppelin_integration/

but otherwise give file url... in script...

12/12
   thanks for the zepl flyer in the email...  

   the beginnings of data science project reviewed.
                                                                       clone, -- strategy  --   
   Have differences between zeppelin and zepl  importantly networked  synchronization of networking?   did not think execl was performant when experiment
       at leviton was tried out.      

   Got the email zepl trial ends tomorrow...  on web literature --  looks like it said need more time just ask.


    published questions    --   the clock   the memory whats ever in the dataframe...   ,  the functionality.


sales questions, technical questions---   

java


seems to 
s3
snowflake important at zeppelin


mostly want to share notebook....  

Versioning  fallback 
the clock button shows history....


ctrl alt t for titles
all setup at top and close up output..


